My Name is Muhammad Faisal Amir, My Nick Name is Amir I come from Probolinggo, East Java. I was born on May 30th 1997, I entered telkom university with a scholarship from UTG 1, the condition must be taken to hold the scholarship is IP score must be above 3.5, i hope i got good grade on this subject. 
Now i will tell about my personality, i have big 3 positive personality the first is clever, every time i got a problem, i can solved it as fast as when i got the point, the second is easygoing, i can adapt in every environtment whenever i’ve got involved with, that’s why i’ve got so many friends and connection, the last is humble, i tent to be a humble person as i can. That make me hard to gain an enemy. Next is my big negative personality is bad Management of time, i tend to hold my homework that makes me got more trouble, so far maybe someone can judge my negative personality.
Culture of Probolinggo, in the city of probolinggo there are 2 big language, Java language and Madura language, most of citizen can speak Madura language, i can speak little madura. Because in Probolinggo, Java language and Madura language are mixed, so it will sound weird to middle java people. Talk about family is the most popular topic for conversation. Hand shake if we meet new people and friends. Showing affection for 

As a Student I also want to go and live in my dream country. My dream country is USA, I know many things about USA, example band from amerika like maroon 5 and mr.big, basketball league NBA, Hardvard University. And many more, i want to know about technology development, conversation, comunication style. I can learn about USA there are in USA rapid technological development because reasearch and many support tool for developing technology. American people love straightforward conversation, but sometimes they admit a little joke, for comunication style American people like handshake with other people for first impression. The similarity American People and Indonesian People are love instant way, and like junk food. The diferences are in the promise and time, American people always keeping promise and on time, diferrent with indonesia people that ussualy break the promise, and elastic time (alway be late).
I have a lot of hobbies, there are Swimming, playing game, playing basketball, problem solving, find many friends, touring, watching movie and coding. the most of my hobbies and support for my college are Problem Solving, Find many friends, and coding. i am also interest ar android developer, web developer, designer UI/UX, and bussinnes cloths. And I have a talent at critical thinking, adaptable, design, and not easily give up.  I really want to be an clothing bussinesman and good in Android Developer at USA. There are 3 reasons why i have that dream job, the first reason because that country is a first development country and the salary automatically is higher than Indonesia. The second reason because I am very interested about indie cloth, and also I’m good at designing clothes. I want my brand become famouse like supreme. The third reason, because I am student of informatic engineering that learning about code and design, so my dream job is work in IT company and have a bussiness clothes.

